.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!-- < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < ☺
v                               ✰  Thanks for creating a PR! ✰
v    Before smashing the submit button please review the checkboxes.
v    If a checkbox is n/a - please still include it but + a little note why
☺ > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > >  -->

## Description

<!-- Add a description of the changes that this PR introduces and the files that
are the most critical to review.
-->

closes: #XXXX

---

Before we can merge this PR, please make sure that all the following items have been
checked off. If any of the checklist items are not applicable, please leave them but
write a little note why.

- [ ] Targeted PR against correct branch (see [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#pr-targeting))
- [ ] Linked to Github issue with discussion and accepted design OR link to spec that describes this work.
- [ ] Code follows the [module structure standards](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/master/docs/building-modules/structure.md).
- [ ] Wrote unit and integration [tests](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#testing)
- [ ] Updated relevant documentation (`docs/`) or specification (`x/<module>/spec/`)
- [ ] Added relevant `godoc` [comments](https://blog.golang.org/godoc-documenting-go-code).
- [ ] Added a relevant changelog entry to the `Unreleased` section in `CHANGELOG.md`
- [ ] Re-reviewed `Files changed` in the Github PR explorer
- [ ] Review `Codecov Report` in the comment section below once CI passes

Commit message:

feat: apply the ibc module of lbm-sdk  (#1)
* feat: based on lbm-sdk

* feat: base on lbm-sdk(non .go files)

* chore: fit to lbm-sdk

* chore: remove lbm-sdk replace from go.mod

* chore: commit go.sum

* test: change go get to go install

* test: fix lint

* test: fix lint

* test: fix build test

* revert: inappropriate change

* feat: update proto

* feat: update swagger

* add tendermint proto

* chore: add versions and change module path

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!--- Provide a general summary of your changes in the Title above -->

## Description
<!--- Describe your changes in detail -->
closes: #XXXX

## Motivation and context
<!--- Why is this change required? What problem does it solve? -->
<!--- If it fixes an open issue, please link to the issue here. -->

## How has this been tested?
<!--- Please describe in detail how you tested your changes. -->
<!--- Include details of your testing environment, and the tests you ran to -->
<!--- see how your change affects other areas of the code, etc. -->

## Screenshots (if appropriate):

## Checklist:
<!--- Go over all the following points, and put an `x` in all the boxes that apply. -->
<!--- If any of the checklist items are not applicable, leave it `[ ]` and write a little note why. --->
<!--- If you're unsure about any of these, don't hesitate to ask. We're here to help! -->
- [ ] I followed the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/line/ibc-go/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) and [code of conduct](https://github.com/line/ibc-go/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
- [ ] I have added a relevant changelog to `CHANGELOG.md`
- [ ] I have added tests to cover my changes.
- [ ] I have updated the documentation accordingly.
- [ ] I have updated API documentation `client/docs/swagger-ui/swagger.yaml`
